Blinken:

I've just returned myself from meetings with Secretary Defense Austin and our counterparts in Japan and Republic of Korea, two of our nation's closest allies. They were very interested in the discussions that will have here today and tomorrow, because the issues that will raise a relevant, not only to China and the United States, but to others across the region and indeed around the world. Our administration is committed to leading with the diplomacy, to advance the interest of the United States, and to strengthen the rule-based international order. That system is not an abstraction, it helps countries resolve difference peacefully, coordinate multilateral efforts effectively, and participate in global commerce with the assurance that everyone is following the same rule. The alternative to a rule-based order is a world in which might makes right, and winners take all.  And that will be a far more violent and unstable world for all of us.

Today, we'll have an opportunity to discuss key priorities, both domestic and global, so that China can better understand our administration's intentions and approach. We'll also discuss our deep concerns with actions by China, including in Xinjiang, Hong Kong, Taiwan, cyber attacks on the United States, economic coercions to our allies. Each of these actions threatens the rule-base order that maintains global stability, that's why they are not merely internal matters, and why we feel an obligation to raise these issues here today.

I said that the United States' relationship with China will be competitive where it should be, collaborative where it can be, adversarial where it must be. Our discussions here in Alaska, I suspect we'll run the gambit. Our intent is to be direct about our concerns, direct about our priorities, with the goal of a more clear-eyed relationship between our countries moving forward. Thank you for being here.



Sullivan:

Secretary Blinken and I are proud of the story about America we're able to tell here, about a country that under President Biden's leadership has made a major strive to control the pandemic, to rescue our economy, and to affirm the strengthened staying power of our democracy. We are particularly proud of the work we've done to revitalize our alliances and partnerships, the foundation of our foreign policy. Just last week, President Biden hosted the Quad Leader's Summit that spoke to the can-do spirit of the world's democracies, and committed to realize the vision of a free and open Indo-pacific. It is through partnerships like these that all of us can deliver progress and prosperity for our peoples. Secretary Blinken laid out many of the areas of concern, from economic and military coercion, to assaults on basic values that will discuss with you today and in the days ahead. We will do so frankly, directly, and with clarity. These are the concerns that undermine the American people. But it goes beyond that. We've heard each of these concerns from around the world, from our allies, partners and broad international community during the intensive consultation we've undertaken these last two months. We'll make clear today that our overwriting priority on United States' side is to insure our approach in the world and our approach to China benefits the American people, and protects the interests of our allies and partners. We do not seek conflict, but we do welcome stiff competition and we will always stand up for our principles, for our people and for our friends. We look forward to discussing all of these matters with you, thank you.