Blinken:
(In) my short time as Secretary State, I've spoken to, I think, nearly a hundred parts from around the world. And I've just made my first trip, as I noted, to Japan and South Korea. I have to tell you what I am hearing is very different from what you described. I'm hearing deep satisfaction that United States' back. They were reengaged with our allies and partners. I'm also hearing deep concern about some of the actions your government is taking. And we'll have an opportunity to discuss those when we get down to work. Whole mark of our leadership, of our engagement in the world, is our alliances and our partnerships that have been built on a totally voluntary basis, and it is something that President Biden has committed to reinvigorating and strengthening. And there is one more whole mark of our leadership, here at home, and that's a constant quest to as we say "form a more perfect union". And that quest, by definition, acknowledges our imperfections, acknowledges that we're not perfect, we make mistakes, we have reversals, we take steps back. But what we've done throughout our history is to confront those challenges openly, publicly, transparently, not trying to ignore them, not trying to pretend they don't exist, not trying to sweep them under a rock. And sometimes it's painful, sometimes it's ugly. But each and every time, we've come out stronger, better, more united as a country. I recall well when President Biden was Vice President, and we were visiting China and this was in the wake of the financial crisis, there was much discussion then, including (one) with Vice President Xi Jinping. And Vice President Biden of the time said, "It's never a good bet to bet against America." And that remains true today.

Sullivan:
Just briefly to add to what Secretary Blinken has said,  because I was actually going to make the same point without us even consulting.  A confident country is able to look hard at its own shortcomings,  and constantly seek to improve,  and that is the secret sauce of America.  The other secret sauce of America is that our people are problem-solving people and we believe that we solve problems best when we work together with allies and partners around the world.  Just a couple of weeks ago,  the United States landed another rover on Mars,  and it wasn't just an American project,  it had technologies from multiple countries,  from Europe and other parts of the world.  And there's also going to leave behind a collection of material from Mars that United States and Europe will build a device that can fly there to pick it up and bring it back.  That is what can be accomplished by a country that is constantly reinventing itself,  working closely with others,  and seeking constantly to produce the kind of progress that benefits all,  that is rooted in a concept of human dignity and human rights that is truly universal,  that every men and women and child in this world inspires to.  So we look forward to the conversation today,  but I do hope the conversation will be one carried out with confidents on both sides.  So it's not lectures or long winding statements.  It's the opportunity for us to explain where we're coming from,  to here where you're coming from.  And indicate, at bottom, what our principles, our priorities, and our long-term strategies are. That's what we hope for in the dialog that lies ahead, that is the spirit with which we approach this, and we look forward to continuing the discussion today.